chore: [ci] Complete migration from semantic bot to github action workflow w… (#8202)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/contributing/contribute_workflow.md

- [Supported commit types](https://github.com/commitizen/conventional-commit-types/blob/v3.0.0/index.json):
`build`, `chore`, `ci`, `docs`, `feat`, `fix`, `perf`, `refactor`, `revert`, `style`, `test`
- [Supported scopes](https://github.com/magma/magma/blob/master/.github/semantic.yml): `agw`, `orc8r`, `nms`, `feg`, and more

> - **One Commit PR** will require the commit title to be semantic as well.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this

```suggestion
- Note: single-commit PRs also require that commit's title to follow the semantic format
```
